Depending on the type of job that you go into, a STEM degree can take
you anywhere you want to go. So if you talk about salary, engineering
is one of the highest paid professions in the career industry. You
can be a chemical engineer, petroleum engineer, and those are some
of the highest paid professions that you can have and you don't even
need a college degree for them. If you're talking about traveling,
then just like any job depends on which job you wanna go into, but chances
are you're probably gonna be in one building doing your engineering
thing just like everybody else. There's a humanities guy over
there, there's an english literature guy over there and you're doing
your engineering field. However, the difference is, the place that
you're at, you could be working with your hands a lot. So whereas if
you're in a humanities place you're either typing on the computer
most the time or you're writing something most of the time, with a mechanical
engineering degree you could be working on a robot, you could
be walking around it, opening it up screwing some screws and using
the controller to make it move around. If you're an electrical engineer
can be in this room but you're opening up the panel, you're checking
the voltage, you're looking at your oscilloscope to get the
right readings, you're changing a circuit board. So I think if your
question is where will an engineering degree take me as far as what
I do, then engineering opens up a lot of hands on and mental work as
opposed to a humanities careers.